hey guys and welcome I've seen a lot of
comments lately asking on how I
performed my stunts some even accusing
me of hacking or using moon gravity so
it ought to be a bloomin great or deer
to do some tutorials today's tutorial
gliding would you probably already knew
because it's in the title defect in
easiest first things first dunno really
you're gonna need some mad speed or just
somewhere high to jump off I'd recommend
Mount chiliad as it is the highest point
in the game you're immediately going to
need to lean your bike back as far as
possible but make sure your character
steals lunch is over the handlebars like
this not like this because you'd be
doing it wrong neelam blooming work and
as soon as you get too close to the
ground all you need to do is pull the
left analog stick backwards and you'll
stop gliding up into the sky it is very
easy there it can also be performed
upside down and to be honest this isn't
much harder and it looks so much cooler
all we've got to do is rotate your
character 180 degrees but making sure
that the wheels have still facing the
same direction kind of fucking odd for
car gliding you need loads of speed so
you're probably going to want to do it
on single player using Franklin special
ability like I am doing now and as soon
as you hit the ramp all you need to do
is push the car forward using the left
analog stick like this trying your best
to keep a car under control as you can
see this makes your car go flying much
further than it would normally it seems
simple but trust me is pretty difficult
without gliding but with the same amount
of speed you don't even go half the
distance so I'll flag in Boise if you'll
do some good stunts
almost pecking impossible follow the
exact same steps as before with the BMX
however this time the bike will not stay
in place and you'll have to keep pumping
up and down the left analog stick to
stare position and do not roll the left
analog stick yes it works but you just
do not get as much distance as if you
were to pump this is by far the hardest
vehicle to glide in so it will take lots
and lots of practice and will not come
naturally you've been warned thanks for
watching that's good to leave like maybe
subscribe and if you ate it the video
don't want me to do any more tutorials
if you want me to do some more tutorials
remind me down in the comments thanks
goodbye